Help files with alias or concept or title matching ‘rel’ using regular
expression matching:


base::<                 Relational Operators
base::expression        Unevaluated Expressions
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
base::gctorture         Torture Garbage Collector
  Aliases: R_GCTORTURE_INHIBIT_RELEASE
base::jitter            'Jitter' (Add Noise) to Numbers
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
base::load              Reload Saved Datasets
base::pretty            Pretty Breakpoints
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
boot::corr              Correlation Coefficient
boot::envelope          Confidence Envelopes for Curves
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
boot::glm.diag          Generalized Linear Model Diagnostics
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
boot::glm.diag.plots    Diagnostics plots for generalized linear models
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
boot::saddle.distn      Saddlepoint Distribution Approximations for
                        Bootstrap Statistics
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
boot::wool              Australian Relative Wool Prices
cluster::ellipsoidhull
                        Compute the Ellipsoid Hull or Spanning
                        Ellipsoid of a Point Set
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
cluster::predict.ellipsoid
                        Predict Method for Ellipsoid Objects
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
graphics::axTicks       Compute Axis Tickmark Locations
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
graphics::clip          Set Clipping Region
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
graphics::grconvertX    Convert between Graphics Coordinate Systems
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
graphics::hist          Histograms
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
graphics::hist.POSIXt   Histogram of a Date or Date-Time Object
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
graphics::layout        Specifying Complex Plot Arrangements
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
graphics::panel.smooth
                        Simple Panel Plot
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
graphics::par           Set or Query Graphical Parameters
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
graphics::screen        Creating and Controlling Multiple Screens on a
                        Single Device
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
graphics::strwidth      Plotting Dimensions of Character Strings and
                        Math Expressions
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
graphics::xinch         Graphical Units
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grDevices::axisTicks    Compute Pretty Axis Tick Scales
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grDevices::boxplot.stats
                        Box Plot Statistics
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grDevices::cm           Unit Transformation
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grDevices::col2rgb      Color to RGB Conversion
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grDevices::colors       Color Names
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grDevices::contourLines
                        Calculate Contour Lines
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grDevices::densCols     Colors for Smooth Density Plots
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grDevices::dev.capabilities
                        Query Capabilities of the Current Graphics
                        Device
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grDevices::dev.capture
                        Capture device output as a raster image
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grDevices::dev.hold     Hold or Flush Output on an On-Screen Graphics
                        Device.
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grDevices::dev.size     Find Size of Device Surface
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grDevices::devAskNewPage
                        Prompt before New Page
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grDevices::extendrange
                        Extend a Numerical Range by a Small Percentage
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grDevices::hcl          HCL Color Specification
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grDevices::hsv          HSV Color Specification
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grDevices::is.raster    Create a Raster Object
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grDevices::n2mfrow      Compute Default mfrow From Number of Plots
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grDevices::pretty.Date
                        Pretty Breakpoints for Date-Time Classes
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grDevices::rainbow      Color Palettes
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grDevices::rgb2hsv      RGB to HSV Conversion
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grDevices::trans3d      3D to 2D Transformation for Perspective Plots
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grDevices::xy.coords    Extracting Plotting Structures
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grDevices::xyTable      Multiplicities of (x,y) Points, e.g., for a
                        Sunflower Plot
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grDevices::xyz.coords   Extracting Plotting Structures
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::absolute.size     Absolute Size of a Grob
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::arrow             Describe arrows to add to a line.
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::calcStringMetric
                        Calculate Metric Information for Text
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::convertUnit       Convert Between Different grid Coordinate
                        Systems
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::current.viewport
                        Get the Current Grid Viewport (Tree)
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::dataViewport      Create a Viewport with Scales based on Data
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::depth             Determine the number of levels in an object.
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::drawDetails       Customising grid Drawing
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::editDetails       Customising grid Editing
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::explode           Explode a path into its components.
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::gEdit             Create and Apply Edit Objects
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::getNames          List the names of grobs on the display list
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::gpar              Handling Grid Graphical Parameters
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::gPath             Concatenate Grob Names
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::Grid              Grid Graphics
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::grid.add          Add a Grid Graphical Object
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::grid.bezier       Draw a Bezier Curve
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::grid.cap          Capture a raster image
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::grid.circle       Draw a Circle
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::grid.clip         Set the Clipping Region
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::grid.copy         Make a Copy of a Grid Graphical Object
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::grid.curve        Draw a Curve Between Locations
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::grid.delay        Encapsulate calculations and generating a grob
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::grid.display.list
                        Control the Grid Display List
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::grid.DLapply      Modify the Grid Display List
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::grid.draw         Draw a grid grob
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::grid.edit         Edit the Description of a Grid Graphical Object
  Concepts: Computations Related to Plotting
grid::grid.force        Force a grob into its compone