
# Learning Journal Unit 1 UNIV 1001

## Part 1
Try not to be too upset when I say that college success is not all that important to me, life success is however. Not that I don't want to succeed, what I care about
is the knowledge and skills needed to live the kind of life I could be proud of living, and that last bit about life and pride is my definition of success.
That being said I am still working the kinks out of my plan for college, with an uncertain future due to the pandemic, I'm doing my best. I do have a few ideas where I'm want to go though. The most important things to me are getting the value out of my education as quickly as I can. On one hand I may need to hold a full time job, or maybe I can get away with working part time and taking up to 3 classes per term, which I would really like. But I also would really like to just focus on my studies and work on my degree full time, but supporting oneself is necessary and for that I need a job. Which is why I'm considering signing up for grants or maybe taking a loan out so I can pursue my studies full time, at least for a while then get a job and whittle my way through the rest of my courses. But as of right now I have the luxury of studying full time, which I will keep up as long as I can. I already have a list of 40 courses and the order in which I want to take them, with a the specific goal in mind of getting a job as a data scientist (or analyst). I am, optimistic, about my degree.

## Part 2
Yes, I absolutely do. As stated previously in part one of this learning assignment, I want to study full time, and not work. Unfortunately I will probably have to get a job eventually which will slow down my ability to gain knowledge and focus on the things that matter to me. I don't think I will have too much difficulty consuming the course material and doing the assignments since they are seem to be of a pretty manageable size. While I don't exactly have much of an expectation I absolutely don't want to spend time doing things that don't mean anything to me, which is mostly having a job that isn't in the field I want to work in and where I don't ever learn anything new. Other than that I think I stand a pretty good chance at finishing my degree and I am definitely excited for some of the courses that are coming down the pipeline.