
# Learning Journal Unit 6 UNIV 1001

## Part 1:
This was my first time taking the VARK test and my score was V = 12, A = 7, R = 9, K = 14. I'm not very surprised at my results and what they say about me, when I read the visual and kinesthetic descriptions they seemed quite spot on. I do however utilize a large amount of reading material and do a lot of writing (writing code in particular, which it did not give me the highest score for. But that is not so much a choice as it is a necessity, so I would say that I adapt because I need to, to work with the materials available and at hand.

## Part 2:
The visual and kinesthetic pages from the learning material both offer a wealth of new information. While a lot of the information in the kinesthetic page isn't relevant, like field trips, but there are some useful examples like where it notes that one should "take notice of real-life examples and personal stories. Taking in another persons perspective and experiences could do well to serve my ability to remember and learn. When I think about information that I remember well it is often tied to another's experience or a story they tell. I might try to convert material or find appropriate alternatives that fit my learning style, but computer science, programming, and other related fields require reading as there are not always alternatives. I mix it up quite a lot with my learning materials and always

## Part 3:
Taking notes usually isn't very effective for learning, but it does serve a purpose and helps for when I apply that knowledge. But it also depends on the subject. For example, right now I'm reading a 1300 page document on a scientific programming language and I can remember more from the first 100 pages than I can remember from a few paragraphs of material that I'm not personally invested in, or intrinsically motivated to read. So when I have to read something for school that might not be the most interesting I try to, read the material and take notes, review the notes and apply it to course material while it is still fresh in my mind. Being able to apply the material is important for me, as there is no better way to learn. Working through a problem and diagnosing the issues and trying to find the root cause is one of the best ways to learn for me. This is further confirmed with my high score for kinesthetic learning on the VARK test. Going forward I will try to play to my strengths by using an applied methodology and working on my weaknesses, such as note-taking.