
# Learning Journal Unit 7 UNIV 1001

## Part 1:
As I don't keep track of how much time I do anything, the data I created for the first exercise can only be taken for what it is, an approximation that could be far from accurate. My ideal time allocation wasn't that far off from my current (assumed) time allocation. The biggest difference between the two was work, which is at zero hours right now due to the pandemic, but if I did have work I would want it around 15 hours a week. Other than that, after doing all the exercises I boiled everything down to three different categories, education, necessities (like cleaning and eating), and finally discretionary activities i.e. listening to music, running. I want less time spent doing "discretionary activities" in the future so I can make better use of my time, but I've been getting pretty good at doing those things less often. A key factor in being more productive is finding things to do that are stimulating and interesting, which is usually applying something I have learned into a project. For example, I wrote a convolutional neural network to complete the A.I. Engineer course I have been taking. When I was doing that project I was completely immersed and worked on it for 20 to 25 hours in two and a half days. But if I do things with my time that don't interest me, it is hard to stay productive. Then my attention often drifts off to my phone or a video streaming service. So in the future, I just wish to be productive and doing the things that interesting and fun.

## Part 2:
Yesterday I made a schedule for myself, my first one ever, just last night when I was thinking about all the cool things that I want to learn and realized that I needed structure. College Success (2015) was an indirect influence, it wasn't exactly where the idea came from but I believe reading about it made it stick in my subconscious. Prior to today, I had always been one of those people that would keep track of everything in my head, just like a student in College Success (2015, p. 81). Before the pandemic, I didn't spend enough time with my studies and spent far too much time either working or running and my educational trajectory suffered as a result. My idea to complete my educational goals is to make slots for certain task categories, for certain times in the day. For example, the first thing in the morning I have scheduled is reading the documentation for a programming language called Julia, and if I don't finish it I will just pick up where I left off the next morning when I wake up, and that time in the morning will be the Julia slot. To me, this sounds like a sensible approach, and I think it stands a good chance at working. My only worry is when the world reopens and I have to get a part-time job doing something that will not further my career. Those kinds of jobs always take a significant toll on me psychologically. Maybe even with a part-time job keeping a schedule will help guide me through those times with the structure it offers. Another strategy for time management I started today is keeping track of the much time I spend doing everything. I forgot about it for half the day, so it will take some time to get used to logging everything before it can present a real value. When I figure out how I am spending my time I think that data will help by providing insight into how I conduct myself throughout the week. Another strategy from College Success (2015, p. 79) is to break things up into smaller pieces, which ties into my calendar as well.
Aside from UoPeople, I am currently enrolled in 4 courses relating to data science, am reading a 1300 page document on the Julia language, and am trying to become better about regular exercise and keeping up with the latest science on longevity and neuro-health. Not to mention writing cover letters and applying for jobs. I have plenty to do but I think that if I take things piece by piece I can do it without getting stressed out or overwhelmed.

### References:

University of Minnesota. (2015). College Success. Minneapolis, MN. University of Minnesota Libraries Publishing.
