
# Written Assignment Unit 2 UNIV 1001

Peer assessment (What is it good for?), written by D’angelo Shakur

When it comes to creating something like art, a film, or a paper for school, you can’t make it alone, you need feedback. If you made something and didn't speak with someone about it you aren't likely to improve or get better at what you are trying to create. That means that whatever goals you might have are probably out of your reach and inaccessible. Very few great contributions to society happen when someone is working alone, and maybe none at all without some kind of feedback at some point in time to steer the creator's metaphorical ship. 
I think the biggest reason UoPeople has a peer assessment system in place is because it is an online-only university. Not having a class, hall, or cafeteria, where you can sit down and physically talk to other students, is a bit of a drawback and negates immediate communication, for the most part. But as pointed out by Saint Leo University(2016), the online classroom has advantages over the in-person classroom. I will now speak from my thoughts and personal experience about classrooms as well as referencing the ideas presented by Saint Leo University. One of the most notable aspects of the downside of in-person classrooms is that students can easily get lost in the crowd and hide out in the back of the room, thus being less engaged as more pro-active students would be that are sitting more towards the front. At UoPeople this problem is not so pervasive, with discussion assignments and hindered communication being two big fighters on this issue. The discussion assignments are part of the curriculum and since any student that wants to succeed must do them, much like The University of Strathclyde’s (2007) article on peer review and I couldn’t agree more on the importance of feedback. This forces them to communicate with their classmates and become a better student while learning the important skill of bi-directional communication instead of uni-directional communication, like an instructor giving a lecture and the student doesn’t even have to say a word. I understand this issue and appreciate it since I am not a huge fan of socialization and would much rather be hunkered down behind my laptop instead of developing my social skills. Another part of communicating online through messaging and discussion assignments instead of the in-person alternative is time. People often feel social pressure when being engaged in front of a large class of students, being online gives students the time to think about what they want to say. When you give a student the time to come up with a proper answer they communicate better, form their ideas with more clarity, and have the opportunity to contribute in a more meaningful way instead of getting put on the spot or speaking without thinking. Being afforded this ability for less confident students could make a world of difference in the education they get as a result. But at the same time this process is not without its deficiencies.
Despite the advantages there are some difficulties when it comes to peer assessment, I’ve personally encountered a few. One unexpected aspect is grading other people's work, but it’s only an issue under certain circumstances, for me at least. Normally I have no problem grading someone else’s work but that changes when I am confronted with someone who doesn’t seem to have a very good grasp of the material. This is most notable in my programming fundamentals course, this isn’t evident in my other class however due to my skill level being beyond fundamental in programming and my skill in writing and reading being quite average. When I read someone’s work and see that they probably don’t see what they are doing wrong, I feel conflicted between pointing out the errors that fill the page and being more forgiving and gentle since they just aren’t there yet. I find it hard to define fairness when I feel that I shouldn’t judge someone by the same standards that I judge myself by and I also feel that I should because isn’t that what’s fair? On the flip side of peer assessment, the receiving end, I don’t have any critiques with a solid base. The only minor issue I have in receiving is that I wish I would get more feedback on my assignments. Hopefully thorough and insightful comments that could help me become better or gain a new perspective and what I’m working in a new light.
Currently when I assess someone's work I try to understand it and find a way to relate to it. I also try to be fair, respectful, intelligent, and provoke a response that will cause them to say something that I can learn from. In the future I will likely assess other student’s discussion posts similarly to what I have until now. It will be a process of getting better and better over time, learning from mistakes, and small discrepancies. I also have the good fortune of being able to read the discussion responses that others write which enables me to analyze others and the posts and follow-ups that they write. Peer assessments on a larger scale such as this paper will require much of the same review process. It won’t be as long and it won’t seek to provoke a response as it’s purpose is to give a complete and final summation of their work. The most important part of assessing a project or paper would be to show them where they can improve and how well they did in other areas.

References:
Saint Leo University. (2016). 20 tips for writing an A+ discussion post for your online class. Retrieved from https://www.saintleo.edu/blog/20-tips-for-writing-an-a-discussion-post-for-your-online-program-class

University Of Strathclyde. (2007). Research on peer review. Retrieved from https://www.reap.ac.uk/PEER/Research.aspx