
# Learning Journal Unit 5 UNIV 1001

## Part 1:

There are more than a few extrinsic and intrinsic motivational factors at play when I make certain decisions in life, such as obtaining a college degree. The more I think about it the more extrinsic and intrinsic factors feel closely tied together. But right now and for a few years my strongest extrinsic motivation is to make more money. Enough to not worry about it, to have a comfortable place to live, and to be able to pursue my many dreams and aspirations without financial roadblocks. But if you wanted to take my monetary goals and further reduce it to a more base definition of my current extrinsic goal(s), I would tell you that I want to obtain an untapered breadth of freedom.

## Part 2:

Something I pursue that is almost purely intrinsic is running, or ultra running to be more specific. Since I started running on Nov. 5th of the year 2018, I have grown leaps and bounds beyond what I thought was even possible. I remember when I would go out for runs during my lunch break at 2 AM when I still lived in Seattle Washington. Since it was only a 30-minute break I usually only ran for up to 4 miles, and sometimes I wouldn't even be able to finish, so I would take a rideshare service back to work. Yes, those were the good old days when running 7 miles was an accomplishment. Back then I didn't really have goals, until about a year ago when I decided that I wanted to do my first race. I trained hard, and instead of taking the bus or a bike, I would run to work, and everywhere I needed to go. My last job was over 11 miles away. I ran to and from there every day, and if you know Austin Texas, you know it's 100°F almost every day during the summer. After a job change, I signed up for and completed my first race by running 115 miles. After all that I don't feel accomplished, I only feel like more is possible. For me, this is but the surface of what I will accomplish and attempt, and I do it so I can become a person I could be proud to be. 

## Part 3:

I will start off by saying that I believe intrinsic motivations are definitely stronger. Intrinsic motivational factors can have the power to change everything you know about how the world works and the way you think. Extrinsic goals, on the other hand, tend to be more superficial and more about things you think you need, but you really don't. I won't say one is more effective than the other, at least in the provided examples, because I really am unhappy with my life situation and I will not stop until I achieve financial security. But at the same, my running extravaganzas have completely altered my life and health. They've both changed and have a huge impact on my life. To me my extrinsic motivations and intrinsic motivations, the ones detailed above at least, are essential to my humanity.

## Part 4:

I am both an intrinsically and intrinsically motivated learner. In the past, I had been mostly if not almost purely an extrinsic learner. That was a time in my life when the word goal, or rather having one, was not a part of my life. I ultimately determined that I should do something, so I enrolled in a web development bootcamp. For a while I kept pursuing web development and for what I would later realize were the wrong reasons. That continued on for a while until I realized that my intrinsic and extrinsic motivations needed to align, or else I would likely end up being unfulfilled and miserable. Once I discovered that I took my passion and started pursuing it voraciously. In the future, while I don't know what it entails I can predict that my motivations will become more intrinsic and less extrinsic. As time passes and material things lose their value and I am no longer struggling to make ends meet, I will probably focus wholeheartedly on my intrinsic motivations/goals.