
# Discussion Unit 8 UNIV 1001

## Part 1:
My first strategy is to get my health routine locked into place. Eating enough so I won't be hungry but not a lot of carbs or other foods that will make me less cognitively sharp. Sleeping is another important factor, going to bed on time and waking up at the appropriate hour, to ensure my brain is working and rested. My last health routine is to take nootropic supplements before the test, and drink tea. Second I will review all my notes and important course material. Combing through all my learning journals and discussion posts in order to better understand and remember the material I previously wrote about. Looking at my written assignments will be a great way to re-familiarize myself with the material as well. After all that I will look at all the feedback I've been given in my assignments. I will try to find out what areas I was lacking and make sure that I'm ready for them when or if they appear on the test.

## Part 2:
I don't think I've ever had test taking anxiety. The last time I took a real test was when I got my GED, I studied for a week then went and took the test. I remember that it was a cold wet sunless day, and that I was hungry. The only thing that gave me anxiety was being hungry, and having to sit in that chair answering questions I didn't really care about. I would say that I was more irritated than anxious, it was a rather dull and unrewarding experience. Nothing about the GED made who I was any different.