
# Learning Journal Unit 8 UNIV 1001

## Part 1:
The most useful strategy I learned in this course is being a better academic writer. I think that I've gotten quite a lot better since I started, and have become more adept at fleshing out ideas and extracting more from what my original thoughts might be. Being a part of this class has allowed me to discuss with other people things of an academic nature, and give me a better ability to present my thoughts to them, something I have quite a minuscule amount of experience with. Being able to think more about what I write and being obligated to write more has also been good in pushing me towards being more verbose and explanatory. In the future, I wish to get better and better at researching information and publishing my findings. As someone with the hopes of becoming a data scientist, being able to communicate my findings and what I've learned is paramount to the job. Since the only way to move forward is to understand one's position, being able to help others understand that position is equally important, especially when others may not be so well versed in more technical topics. So to sum everything up I will say that, I want to continue to get better at research, and communication of research.

## Part 2:
The most surprising thing I learned about was plagiarism. I didn't think that you could misrepresent someone's work in a paper and have it cost you your grade. Before college, I was only aware of the term "cheating". Cheating being some form of dishonesty in one's work. After learning about plagiarism, and what it meant, it took some time to acclimate to the concept, and a lack of attention ended up costing me my grade on an assignment from plagiarism. I ended being in fear thinking that I was going to mess up my entire education with stupid mistakes. I was wrong, all one needs to do is pay attention, keep writing citations, and with practice and repetition, it'll be second nature soon enough. 

## Part 3:
After joining UoPeople I started thinking about my future and what I want in education so I started looking at Ph.D., and Masters programs, just to see what it was all about. Upon researching the data science admissions podcast for NYU (2020), I found out that the Ph.D. students there actually help grade assignments. I originally thought this was strange and it didn't sound like something that I would want to do. After some thinking I decided that it wasn't a bad or strange thing to do, it was an exercise. Looking over someone's work and critiquing or complementing it can give you the power to do just that, which is a skill I can't imagine not having use. In the future, I too will likely have to look over someone's work to find out what is wrong with it or where it succeeds, and I can also do this to my work. I think that peer review is great for the learning process, especially in the early stages of learning a skill and now I'm surprised that I've never seen this anywhere else. It enables a level of learning above what we usually operate at because playing the critic requires that we know more about what we are talking about. My only discomfort with the process is in my other class. In programming fundamentals when someone gets everything right it is hard to find anything to say about something that fits so well into the requirements for the project, which is almost always the case it seems. But that is likely due to the nature of the course being "fundamental", as in for people that are in the infancy of the building that particular skill.

### References:
NYU. (2020). NYU Data science admissions podcast. Retrieved from https://cds.nyu.edu/podcast-admissions/
